= GUI_3_0_2_20091028

* [shaper] added add'l safety-check on CHAT_MSG_LOOT message receipt
  where raids module sometimes isn't available.

* [shaper] added safety-check on whisper and update receipt to make
  sure we don't call into our submodules if they aren't yet loaded for
  some reason.  Main Guildomatic module sometimes appears to receive a
  whisper event when submodules are not yet loaded, perhaps during
  user or other module reload event.

* [shaper] rename various files and associated namespacing in an
  effort to resolve what looks like a sporadic conflict causing DKP
  module namespace in particular to get clobbered resulting in
  exception on receipt of a whisper message.

= GUI_3_0_1_20090903

* [shaper] fix auction bugs where if we only had one bidder in final
  round, we would always use the winner of the previous round, which
  could cause a few issues: (1) one bidder trying to beat out the
  previous guys could never win if previous round was a tie, and in
  fact it would also arbitrarily choose one of the two previous tied
  folk and announce them as the winner; (2) one bidder trying to win
  an item with no competition at all in first round couldn't win.

* [shaper] fix queue add/join to allow specifying "Death Knight" as
  class.

= GUI_3_0_0_RC6_20090816

* [mouthbreather] updated for WoW 3.2 patch compatibility.

= GUI_3_0_0_RC5_20090531

* [shaper] added "delete snapshot" button in snapshot detail view to
  allow deleting a single snapshot.

* [shaper] added initial snapshot detail view sub-frame.

* [shaper] restored auto-convert-to-raid functionality when using
  calendar invite tool.

* [shaper] restored queue functionality.

* [shaper] fixed bug where auction timer didn't fire if the
  Guildomatic window wasn't visible.

* [shaper] added config checkbox to set whether to show minimap icon.

* [shaper] added snapshot detail view when snapshot selected in Raids tab.

* [shaper] increase width of roster last-snap/guild name text display
  to avoid wrapping.

= GUI_3_0_0_RC4_20090505

* [shaper] increase width of gmatic window by 100 pixels and resize
  displays to allow viewing times and zones more easily.  tweak layout
  of various column and button dimensions and placements.

* [shaper] persist selected tab in gmatic window across game sessions.

* [shaper] update raids view when new item loot recorded.

* [shaper] allow "/gt" in addition to "/gmatic" for command line
  commands.

* [shaper] added config panel option to enable/disable showing players
  with zero dkp in the dkp tab list.

* [shaper] added config panel option to enable/disable dkp lookups.

* [shaper] added config panel option menu for "minimum loot color".

* [shaper] change references to "minimum loot color" for capture to
  "minimum loot quality".

= GUI_3_0_0_RC3_20090430

* [shaper] gui display for roster, raids, auctions, dkp, with sortable
  columns

* [shaper] gui to take a snapshot

* [shaper] gui to record roster

* [shaper] gui config window showing version and to clear auctions,
  snapshots

* [shaper] minimap icon (click to toggle window, right-click to show
  config panel)

* [shaper] cleaned up display of command-line help menus, formatting,
  updated to add some that were missing

* [shaper] moved all command-line commands to be under "/gmatic"
  prefix, so for instance "/gmatic snapshot (bossname) (dkp)" and
  "/gmatic snapshot loot grey" etc.

* [shaper] fixed a bunch of small bugs (trim whitespace on
  item/snapshot names, require bids > 0, added missing help menu
  items, etc.)

= GMATIC_WOW_2_0_22_20090816

- updated for WoW 3.2 patch compatibility.

= GMATIC_WOW_2_0_21_20090425

- use CalendarNewGuildEvent() instead of the now-removed
  CalendarNewGuildWideEvent.

= GMATIC_WOW_2_0_20_20090415

* [shaper] upped wow version to 3.1.0 and mod version to 2.0.20.

* [vealchop] fixed chat filter changes for 3.1 which now pass in

    local function chatFilterFunction (self, event, arg1, ...., arg11)

  and now explicitly requires the second parameter returned from filters
  to be arg1, ...., arg11. In our practice, our returns from chat filters
  will look like

    return [true|false], ...

= GMATIC_WOW_2_0_19_20090316

= GUILDOMATIC_DKP_2_0_13_20080409

* [vealchop] fixed auto-snapshot to use COMBAT_LOG_EVENT_UNFILTERED

* [shaper] added documentation on the "/queue status" command to the
  "/queue" command help output.

= GUILDOMATIC_DKP_2_0_12_20080402

* [vealchop] snapshots, loot and auctions are now recorded with a new field
  "utc_time" which is the local computer's report of UTC time

* [vealchop] fixed auto-snapshot to use COMBAT_LOG_EVENT per 2.4 patch

= GUILDOMATIC_DKP_2_0_11_20080326

* [shaper] updated for patch 2.4 compatibility.

= GUILDOMATIC_DKP_2_0_10_20080204

* [vealchop] added ability to prevent dkp whisper flooding

* [vealchop] added /snapshot ignore facilities to ignore loot items by name

* [vealchop] print a reminder message if they're going into an
  instance with snapshots

= GUILDOMATIC_DKP_2_0_9_20071113

* [vealchop] fixed snapshot check condition during looting to make
  sure we print a message to the user if there are no snapshots

* [vealchop] removed references to UnionDKP

* [vealchop] config SavedVariable is now only accessed after we
  receive the APP_LOADED event which means it's safe to do so

* [vealchop] ties at auction end are now announced with the tied bidders

* [vealchop] cleaned up queue status code and allowed configuration
  for setting the channel to output status and how often to output
  status

* [vealchop] auction rounds are now configurable wrt number of rounds
  and time

* [vealchop] set to auto-enable showing offline members when grabbing
  the roster
